Refactor HTTP Files and add Image Generation (#45)
microsoft/aoai-api-simulator: docs/config.md

> Note: when running the simulator it will auto-generate an API Key. This needs to be passed to the API when making requests. To avoid the API Key changing each time the simulator is run, set the `SIMULATOR_API_KEY` environment variable to a fixed value.

## Configuring Endpoints

> There are a numner of environemt variables that specify API endpoints. Each of these environement variables is named ending `_ENDPOINT`. For all such environment variables the format is `scheme://fqdn` ir `scheme://fqdn:port`. e.g. `http://localhost:5000` or `https://example.openai.azure.com`. You should **not** include a trailing forward slash in the value of the environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are a number of environment variables that specify API endpoints. Each of these environment variables is named ending `_ENDPOINT`. For all such environment variables the format is `scheme://fqdn` or `scheme://fqdn:port`. e.g. `http://localhost:5000` or `https://example.openai.azure.com`. You should **not** include a trailing forward slash in the value of the environment variable.
```
